yeah this is recap rapping Tommy get
Lanie and ourselves ik with lego movie
here we go
thank you break use every piece build
your own celebrities Harold Freeman
Arnett decent Bank free day upper man
and even price and it come is break
wanting to breed without its list but
that's just life in the city a break for
a bowls crowd and don't be a hipster
poor emanate venture stars for the
launch unspecified lego park prophesied
by the troubie is to be the key to
choose what is stuff to do without a
clue and pilot Capra Chris glue the
pause the business copies bad guy big
right here in a suit with the red tie
right that would even corporation the TV
station all tarnation familiar go war he
went through expensive Lego said the Old
West courtrooms in a world that I think
your roles on shrooms but it's full of
harmony for a bunch of intellectual
properties historical man like oh sheesh
at thematic the president Cat Club
Batman steals the show and a hyperdrive
from local Han Solo nerds squeal when he
got the wheel of a batwing nothing comes
of that field just what about a job
creation submarine suspecious I hope so
without a doubt those pesky some type of
couch literally the dumbest thing I've
ever heard that idea is just the worst
whatever Lego Freeman
[Music]
- cool angles Alderaan keep both your
hands of God
tons of course you're killing freeze
there all police brutality incarceration
intent to torture decapitation it Olaf
are our companies getting my calls
through Oswald could that be off but
it's part of our universe but Father's
plan that is something worse an angry
dad glues all the pieces back together
till he sees his son new unique
creations that use the senses
inspiration imagination that deserves a
hug the declaration of a Father's love
he bought and build it's totally rad it
looks like fun but now I'm sad I'm gonna
call a dead that was the lego movie
y'all this recap crap leave a comment to
let us know what you want to see next
and somebody can kiss you cry Bob what's
up guys thanks for watching if you like
this while I check out either the other
to talk video be sure to hit that
subscribe button to stay up to date on
all the latest works on Tizen coming out
to every Tuesday and Thursday
alright I'm gonna go get out all my old
Lego fits now and passing the shear
sense of wonder and innocence being a
child what's go down